README.md, before:

![](https://shonharsh.github.io/curriculum-vitae/images/banner-uipath.png)

# S07P04 Libraries

This project is my solution in **C#** to the **Libraries** practice found in section 07 practice 04 of the UiPath - RPA Developer Foundation course.

### Getting Started

After making a pull request or downloading the project, open the Main.xaml in UiPath Studio.  The robot can be run with the play button in the ribbon and the result can be seen in output panel.

### Practice Requirements

###### **Updating a Library and using the updated Library**

Using the sample library created in the Libraries Video Demo:

1. Create two new components for the library which will:
   - Download all invoices – and save the to a sample xlsx file called “All Invoices.xlsx”
   - Download invoices of a certain vendor tax ID and save them to a sample xlsx file called “All invoices for” + <vendorTaxID> “.xlsx”. The vendor tax ID must be given via user input.
2. Create a workflow that lets the user choose between downloading all work items, downloading all invoices, or downloading only the invoices that belong to a certain tax ID inputted by the user

### Details

**Course:** UiPath - RPA Developer Foundation

**Section:** 07 Project Organization

**Practice:** 04 Libraries

**Project Format:** Windows, C#

**GitHub:** https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries

### Sample Output

```

```

### Architecture Requirements

A standard UiPath, Studio to Orchestrator cloud setup is the base of operation.  It is easy to setup and free.
1. An Orchestrator connection - Visit https://cloud.uipath.com/ and authenticate or sign up.
2. [UiPath Studio](https://www.uipath.com/product/studio) is used to run the robot.  Note that Studio Web can be used directly in Orchestrator but I recommend installing the Studio IDE application.

### Git Notes

Clone the project to develop or change it.

`git clone https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries`

### Links
- [UiPath Automation Platform](https://www.uipath.com/)
- [UiPath Studio](https://www.uipath.com/product/studio)
- [Shon Harsh Website 127.0.0.1](https://shonharsh.github.io/curriculum-vitae/index.html)
- [This.GitHub](https://github.com/shonharsh)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shonharsh/)

### RPS Developer Foundation Sections

1. Get Started With RPA Development

2. Variables, Data Types And Control Flow In Studio

   P01 RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S02P03-Switch [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P03-Switch)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P03-Switch-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P03-Switch-WindowsLegacy)]

3. Data Manipulation In Studio

   P01 RPADev-S03P01-Lists [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P01-Lists)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P01-Lists-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P01-Lists-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles-WindowsLegacy)]

   P04 RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation-WindowsLegacy)]

   P05 RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders-WindowsLegacy)]

   P06 RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress-WindowsLegacy)]

   P07 RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx-WindowsLegacy)]

4. Excel And Data Tables With Studio

   P01 RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses-WindowsLegacy)]

5. UI Automation With Studio

   P01 RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S05P03-InputActions [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P03-InputActions)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P03-InputActions-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P03-InputActions-WindowsLegacy)]

   P04 RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions-WindowsLegacy)]

   P05 RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping-WindowsLegacy)]

6. Selectors In Studio

   P01 RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S06P02-SetData [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P02-SetData)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P02-SetData-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P02-SetData-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems-WindowsLegacy)]

7. Project Organization In Studio

   P02 RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow-WindowsLegacy)]

   P04 RPADev-S07P04-Libraries [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries-WindowsLegacy)]

8. Error And Exception Handling In Studio

9. Debugging In Studio

10. PDF Automation In Studio

11. Email Automation With Studio

12. Orchestrator For RPA Developers

13. Robotic Enterprise Framework Overview

Commit message:

Add pending project note to README.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://shonharsh.github.io/curriculum-vitae/images/banner-uipath.png)
# //Project Pending - I am still updating all of the projects for the RPA Developer Foundation.  In doing so I am updating the existing C# Windows Legacy project while also rewriting them in both C# Windows and VB Windows.  I complete at least one project a day.
# S07P04 Libraries

This project is my solution in **C#** to the **Libraries** practice found in section 07 practice 04 of the UiPath - RPA Developer Foundation course.

### Getting Started

After making a pull request or downloading the project, open the Main.xaml in UiPath Studio.  The robot can be run with the play button in the ribbon and the result can be seen in output panel.

### Practice Requirements

###### **Updating a Library and using the updated Library**

Using the sample library created in the Libraries Video Demo:

1. Create two new components for the library which will:
   - Download all invoices – and save the to a sample xlsx file called “All Invoices.xlsx”
   - Download invoices of a certain vendor tax ID and save them to a sample xlsx file called “All invoices for” + <vendorTaxID> “.xlsx”. The vendor tax ID must be given via user input.
2. Create a workflow that lets the user choose between downloading all work items, downloading all invoices, or downloading only the invoices that belong to a certain tax ID inputted by the user

### Details

**Course:** UiPath - RPA Developer Foundation

**Section:** 07 Project Organization

**Practice:** 04 Libraries

**Project Format:** Windows, C#

**GitHub:** https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries

### Sample Output

```

```

### Architecture Requirements

A standard UiPath, Studio to Orchestrator cloud setup is the base of operation.  It is easy to setup and free.
1. An Orchestrator connection - Visit https://cloud.uipath.com/ and authenticate or sign up.
2. [UiPath Studio](https://www.uipath.com/product/studio) is used to run the robot.  Note that Studio Web can be used directly in Orchestrator but I recommend installing the Studio IDE application.

### Git Notes

Clone the project to develop or change it.

`git clone https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries`

### Links
- [UiPath Automation Platform](https://www.uipath.com/)
- [UiPath Studio](https://www.uipath.com/product/studio)
- [Shon Harsh Website 127.0.0.1](https://shonharsh.github.io/curriculum-vitae/index.html)
- [This.GitHub](https://github.com/shonharsh)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shonharsh/)

### RPS Developer Foundation Sections

1. Get Started With RPA Development

2. Variables, Data Types And Control Flow In Studio

   P01 RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P01-ForEachIfStatement-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P02-GenericValue-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S02P03-Switch [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P03-Switch)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P03-Switch-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S02P03-Switch-WindowsLegacy)]

3. Data Manipulation In Studio

   P01 RPADev-S03P01-Lists [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P01-Lists)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P01-Lists-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P01-Lists-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P03-Dictionaries-Integers-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P04-Dictionaries-Doubles-WindowsLegacy)]

   P04 RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P05-InputValidation-WindowsLegacy)]

   P05 RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P06-ReplacingPlaceholders-WindowsLegacy)]

   P06 RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P07-ExtractEmailAddress-WindowsLegacy)]

   P07 RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S03P08-ExtractEmailAddressRegEx-WindowsLegacy)]

4. Excel And Data Tables With Studio

   P01 RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P01-CalculatingSums-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P02-CalculatingLossInvoices-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S04P03-CalculatingPercentagesOfExpenses-WindowsLegacy)]

5. UI Automation With Studio

   P01 RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P01-PasswordGenerator-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P02-TheRPAChallenge-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S05P03-InputActions [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P03-InputActions)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P03-InputActions-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P03-InputActions-WindowsLegacy)]

   P04 RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P04-OutputActions-WindowsLegacy)]

   P05 RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S05P05-DataScraping-WindowsLegacy)]

6. Selectors In Studio

   P01 RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P01-GetAndSortData-WindowsLegacy)]

   P02 RPADev-S06P02-SetData [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P02-SetData)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P02-SetData-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P02-SetData-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S06P03-Highlight-TypeItems-WindowsLegacy)]

7. Project Organization In Studio

   P02 RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P02-StateMachines-WindowsLegacy)]

   P03 RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P03-FixMyWorkflow-WindowsLegacy)]

   P04 RPADev-S07P04-Libraries [[C#](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries)] [[VB](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries-VB)] [[Windows Legacy](https://github.com/ShonHarsh/RPADev-S07P04-Libraries-WindowsLegacy)]

8. Error And Exception Handling In Studio

9. Debugging In Studio

10. PDF Automation In Studio

11. Email Automation With Studio

12. Orchestrator For RPA Developers

13. Robotic Enterprise Framework Overview
